1. Minor function improvements
1.1 In a running script: 
when an input field is selected the current numbers are marked in such a manner that new inputs
overwrite it. This removes the need for clearing this out manually. This applies to any input fields
in a running script, such as number of samples and volume. 

2. Styling improvements
2.1 General styling across all views. 
If possible with PySide6, I'd like the general styling to be a bit different. 
There should be clear outlines to any clickable fields. Text should obviously be contrasting with
their backgrounds, this is the issue for text/numbers in input fields too obiously. Try to use
similar fonts/styles/colours, and make distinguishments in font sizes and boldness when needed.

2.2 Styling of the 96 well box presentation.
We would benefit from the 96 well boxes looking more realistic, and there should be the option in the
generator to change their colours (not of the wells, only of the outlines and such).
This would mean a slightly more substantial outline around the wells and a fill colour, for example.
Figure out how these boxes look from above for inspiration. 

2.3 Bigger and more visible selectors
We want the selecter buttons for user defined variables to be bigger, both for readability and 
clickability.

3. New functionality
3.1 Another script class
We're in need of another type of script, and a generator for it. 
The major difference for this script compared to the current script type we have implemented, is that
this script creates pooled samples in some box-groups and invividual samples in a other box-groups,
depending on the spec. Each journal case is X number of induvidually pipetted samples that will also
be pooled to a single well in the pooled box-group.
The script would read a .txt or .csv file (make it accept both) journal system export to 
determine the number of samples in total which will be presented (in same fashion/position as 
standard script) but NOT changable in the script screen. The file will consist of one column
without a header. The structure of this file will me something like:

1
1
2
2
3
3
3
3
3

In this file, 1, 2, 3 represents different journal cases, and the number they're repeated is the
number of samples from the system, INCLUDING the pooled sample which we generate in the upcoming
pipetting process. This means the number of samples we're putting into the machine is 1 less
for each journal case than presented in the file. Case 1 has 1 sample, case 2 has 1 sample, case 
3 has 4 samples, etc. In reality, the rows are containing differing repetitions of text/number values, 
not neccesarily just integers. So the function deciphering this needs to be robust. 

So differences and new functions for the script screen: 
-The script reads a .csv or .txt file in the directory specified in config. If there's more than 1
.csv and/or .txt file in the directory, the script doesn't start but rather warns us 
"Flere lister i DIRECTORY, rydd opp i disse og prøv igjen" (replace DIRECTORY with the directory). 
The warning can be crossed out, or dissapears after 10 seconds.
-Number of samples not an input, only a display of the value calculated from the file. 
-Number of journal cases/pooled samples displayed below number of samples ("Antall sampleprøver")
-Start and stop value from the journal system export file (first and last value) displayed below 
these. Example: "Saker: "2025-06-K1999" til "2025-06-K2005""
-Box-groups with pooled samples would have the pooled samples added, which would in most cases be
fewer and in all cases be the same as number of unique journal cases. So we have two different 
sample counts being added to their respective start positions and visualisations. 

The generator would be quite identical with our standard script, except we have a checkbox for 
pooled samples, "Samleprøve-boks", in the box-group specification part of the generator. We also
need to specify our directory for the journal system export (folder, not file). Early in the spec.

3.2 Post script presentation
We're going to add a new post pipetting quality assurance visualisation, which makes graphical
presentations of clot errors/detection errors by looking at the pipetting programs log files.

A script will export any number of log files, dependent on the amount of labware defined in a 
given pipetting script. I've specified these to be .csv files, but their format is otherwise
unchangable so we have to work with how they are currently. Each csv contains 1 header row,
as well as a second row containing info on the parent labware. The interesting info in this
second row is in SRCRack (the name of the labware) and "SiteOnGrid" (vertical position). 
Each consecutive row will
represent 1 tube/position in the labware, with pipetting a pipetting operation having taken place 
as long as there's a value in the "Volume" column. If a clot error or detection error has
taken place in this pipetting operation, this is reported in the "Error" column as any value
except 0. The well position in the labware we pipette TO is given as an integer in the 
"Position" column, and is typically out of 96. We should also support 48/24 formats in this.
We have already established a key for position to coordinate (1=A1, 10=B2, etc...) for other
use in the script, it will be the same here (48 pos labware goes A1-H6, 24 pos goes A1-D6).
The "well" position which we pipette FROM in an operation is given in the column "SRCPos". 
The well/tube layout for the tubes we pipette FROM should be determined on a script by script
basis, where we specify X*Y. We specify a directory in the settings of our main app where these
reports are found. The script looks at all .csv that are no more than 3 minutes old (implement
this feature but disable it for testing purposes) and assumes they are of importance. Filter
out any files without values in Volume from row 3 and onwards, as they didnt have pipetting
operations in this particular execution. 

How I want this to work: a .py file separate from main.py is used to launch the post script
presentation. Depending on the pipetting script that has been launched and has progressed
(we can use the script-launcher variable to detirmine that, for example), a presentation of 
our completed pipetting process and errors will be visualised in an interactive way.
Each report file with at least one pipetting operation (value in Volume from row 3 onwards)
will be visualized as a analysis box/plate in the same way as the script-chooser visualizes. 
We will have to introduce a new infotag for the boxgroups in the generator, "Labware name",
to connect the boxgroup to the correct report. I'll input a keyword there which will be 
searched for in the 2nd row of each report (entire keyword anywhere in row). 
The user is presented with the visualisation
of all our boxes in use, populated with data from the reports. All wells that have a value 
in Volume are highlighted as green, with previously filled wells being yellow like before. 
Any wells that have a Volume value as well as an Error value different from 0, will be 
highlighted in red. When I click a box, it will enlarge to fill the screen horizontally. 
Below the box visualisation, a visualisation of the origin tubes will appear according to 
the SRCPos values in the files. Only the tubes present in the pipetting process are 
visualised, not the maximum possible in a given script. These tubes will have the same
color coding as the target wells green for no errors and red for errors. We want only the 
tubes pipetted to the currently targeted box/plate to be green/red, the tubes in the other
boxes/plates in a script execution are visualised, but gray. Note that a origin tube will
often appear in two different files, and may have no errors in one and an error in another.
With our approach with looking at one box at a time, it shouldnt matter much, but make 
sure that you dont show errors from one box when controlling another.
Note that pooled samples can have several origin tubes for the same target position, make
sure there's no issues with this. Seems straight forward.

I shall now be able to click any well/tube that is green or red in the origin or target, 
and that tube/well shall start to pulse in its colour in boxes with a solid outline (orange),
along with its paired origin or target.
Whenever I want I can click another well and this well and its "partner" changes position.
Both well coordinates should be given in text as well below the visualizations (origin tube
first, thereafter target well). The name of the boxgroup (from config) followed by its GridPos (nr.) is 
always visible above it. There is a back button present in the top left corner that takes
us back to all the boxes/plates again, so we can go onto the next box that needs controlling.
We have a header that says: "Pipettering fullført" and a subheader that says 
"Kontroller boks/plate ved å trykke på den. Trykk deretter på en brønn/et rør for å se 
opphav eller mål" We also want a legend for the visualisation, where each well type is shown
and explained (green= "Ingen error", red="Clot- eller detection error")
As with the main app, there should be a red cross in the upper right corner to exit the app.
There's also bottom button that says "Kontroll fullført, avslutt" that exits the app, with 
identical styling to our "Start pipetterin" button from the main app.
All other considerations from the main app is still important: its a touch interface,
it must run in the foreground, be scrollable, etc...